Functionality 1	Show different colors for different levels of resource usage:
    Now For different usages, the output will use different colors.
    Color Scheme:
    Red - Warning
    Yellow - Middle
    Green - Safe
    Cyan - Block title
    Blue - default text


Functionality 2	Show different output formats for different types of usage:
    1. Related statues are grouped together.
    2. "progress bar" is used for statuses such as Fan Speed, Disk Space, etc
    3. Temperatures will be directly displayed
    4. Battery remaining time is displayed in hours and minutes
    5. CPU temp sparkles if it is above 70 degree


Functionality 3 Dynamically adjust output layout according user’s input flag:
    1. Each kind of status is not displayed at a fixed position.
    The position of each "info block" is adjusted by setting a variable called `row`.
    2. Unlike before, resizing the terminal window won't make the output completely unreadable. (However, if the width
    or height of window is too small, the printed result will looks messy)


Functionality 4	Fix some compatibility issues (i.e. different number of Fans):
    1. The `systemSupported()` function in systemManagementController will check whether the system is supported.
    2. Since there are OS X machines such as Macbook (no built-in fan) and iMac (no built-in battery), it checks whether
    there are battery and fan installed or not. It will skip any section if there is no corresponding hardware information
    to query.
    3. The program queries the total number of fans installed and checks the speed of each of them.
    No fixed fan-speed key, such as FAN_0 or FAN_1, is directly used here.

Testing 1 Show correct number of CPUs and Fans:
    1. It seems that there is no OS X machine by default having more than 1 CPU. So I decided to use a fixed key to query
    CPU related info. Consequently, the number of installed CPUs is always correct.

    2. Number of fans is also always correct. On my macbook pro, it always shows 2 CPU.

